it's 20 years since the moon was hit
electricity for only an hour a day
barely any food and all you care about
is cozmo
attention unregistered teleportation
his power is unbelievable beyond
anything i have seen
all we have is now i like you
i waited for this stepping in here makes
everyone nervous
fear not the game is more dangerous than
it may seem
all the hardships earth face are a
result of the war with cherno
we're about to go play football with
what's essentially a nuclear bomb
and everyone else thinks this is just a
game
is that right pretty much it yes
it's easier to risk your life when you
know you're supported by millions
even if they don't know the truth or
understand this
four young earthlings with incredible
powers
you show there is something to be
inspired by here we go
you